Update node-images.md (#255)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-aks-docs: articles/aks/node-images.md

| **Azure Linux with containerd and Gen 2** | This is the standard node image for Azure Linux node pools using a VM size that supports Generation 2. If a VM size supports both Generation 1 and Generation 2, node image is selected. | N/A |
| **Azure Linux with containerd and FIPS** | This is a variant of the default node image for customers that enable [Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS)](./enable-fips-nodes.md). These images support both Generation 1 and Generation 2. | Can't be combined with Arm64, Trusted Launch, or Pod Sandboxing. |

> | **Azure Linux with containerd and Arm64** | This is a variant of the default node image for customers that use a VM size that supports [Arm64](./create-node-pools.md). These images support Generation 2 only. | Can't be combined with FIPS, Trusted Launch, or Pod Sandboxing. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Azure Linux with containerd and Arm64** | This is a variant of the default node image for customers that use a VM size that supports [Arm64](./use-arm64-vms.md). These images support Generation 2 only. | Can't be combined with Trusted Launch or Pod Sandboxing. Azure Linux supports a separate image for FIPS and ARM64. |
```
